the streets of my studio the light
coming out of that storefront the street
light right dick so I haven't memorized
the way to pose people on someone 125th
and Lex was a project where I knew I had
to focus in on one corner and doing that
I've built these relationships with so
many people I've gained a reputation
people know me as the official 125th
photographer you know I can photograph
somebody and then four months later they
may run into me and say that photograph
so when that brother walked up to me he
had the glasses on I don't even know his
name but I remembered him because I have
pictures of him from the past so I was
like oh this is the opportunity to
photograph him again in different light
when I first began as a photographer I
was hesitant to approach people you know
I never really approached people and
said hey you know I'll be late to the
photograph you cannot have a moment of
your time so I was taking a lot of
candid shots but um as I evolved I said
listen if I want to get intimate
portraits I'm gonna have to have real
interactions with these subjects with
these people and you know once I've
started doing that confronting people I
started to see that the photography was
getting better and the work itself was
going beneath the surface taking that
extra time for spiritual person and say
think about something profound think
about something that touched you whether
it be something beautiful to happen
there's something traumatic that
happened project that and I tell people
that my camera is a healing mechanism
whatever you think about you know that's
negative the positive whatever just
release it on to me right now let me
take it away from you let me photograph
in and take it away from you
photography has given me an excuse to
confront people out with if not
otherwise spoken to me I want to tell
your story you know and matter of fact I
want you to tell your story I'm just
gonna be a medium you know between you
and the world 125th and Lex is a is a
lesson in psychology